[Excel] (Custom Functions) Add @returns to param address sample (#2532)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-parameter-options.md

 * @customfunction
 * @param {string} firstParameter First parameter.
 * @param {string} secondParameter Second parameter.
 * @param {string} thirdParameter Third parameter.
 * @param {CustomFunctions.Invocation} invocation Invocation object. 

>  * @returns {any[][]} The parameter addresses, as a 2-dimensional array. 

Reviewer: This matches the phrasing found earlier in the article.
```suggestion
 * @returns {any[][]} The addresses of the parameters, as a 2-dimensional array. 
```
